Update behavior-changes.md (#6094)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/behavior-changes.md

These flags _must_ be set in the `flags` dictionary in `dbt_project.yml`. They configure behaviors closely tied to project code, which means they should be defined in version control and modified through pull or merge requests, with the same testing and peer review.

The following example displays the current flags and their current default values in the latest dbt Cloud and dbt Core versions. To opt out of a specific behavior change, set the values of the flag to `False` in `dbt_project.yml`. You will continue to see warnings for legacy behaviors you’ve opted out of, until you either:

- Resolve the issue (by switching the flag to `True`)
- Silence the warnings using the `warn_error_options.silence` flag

> Here is an example of the available behavior change flags with their default values:

Author: ```suggestion
Here's an example of the available behavior change flags with their default values:
```
